Hi there, this is a review and mobile games from
mob uay and the microphone as usual
depreciation drove today with us very
beautiful and high-quality game of the genre
which kind of tower defense
just the opposite but you are on the side
dudes who they go
defend they say the first part of the game in
time made a lot of noise
but of course I slept and played
only from the second we meet anomaly 2
when I said that the game is quality I
didn't mean only good graphics
grafon here is of course at a height but he is not
figure if you follow my
reviews do you know what happens games where with
the graphics seem to be fine but here it is
the game is like an asshole done wrong here
everything is cool and graphics and animation
interactions of the units are all debugged and
works great creating
the impression of quality
carefully assembled product if
In short, I knead this year so in 2018
your mother land on chambers some
crap from space and game events
unfold after our fall
races the earth is now icy desert a
little people and in the minority no longer say
for spoilers but about gameplay
it is necessary to talk at all he conditionally
divided into two components tactical
and own tactical part
the game is the choice of our route
convoy clicking on the appropriate button
you get on the cards on this card
marked enemies and shown road poke
fingers choosing the most profitable
route
enemies by the way have the property of a sudden
get out and multiply so
you will correct tactics more than once
and not two per level game component
this is watching your column kill
enemies gives money that you can
you can buy the maximum technique
have six units besides from enemies
by give bonuses like first-aid kits and
distracting beacons so just
passively observe the movement of the column
and not have to and every unit has
two forms for example will be
transform from robot tanks and
back every form has its advantages and
cons and here, too, does not hurt
tactical if in short the game to me
I liked it bright and juicy and with explosions
robots alien tentacles and even
and to the river you have to think short
we play all network mode of course too
present so with brahter
it will be chopped up today
all this not to miss new
releases subscribe to channel like and
repost and all that were with you Fedor
Nicholas Podgursky shock
and reviews from mob yue board